- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i
Street-talk translation
You with the patient?
Outside her room. ma'am.
Bet. Pass along a message to her nurse.
What are you even doing here?
Just came to keep you company.
You can start the paperwork for me to
get an interim mayor locked in.
Is she in that bad shape?
-She's fading fast. Catch you at home.
The voice still wants the same thing. but
the gas in the mine wasn't enough. right?
That gas was meant for Lukas Kyle.
Was he even in the mine?
Bro bounced.
The mayor didn't. though.
Well. sounds like the voice
is totally cool with that.
A heroic vibe to go out on.
And this right here...
might make drugging the whole Silo unnecessary.
I'll handle it for you.
I gotta become mayor.
-Yeah. I get it.
You don't gotta do it all by yourself.
When's Mrs Sims showing up?
She's on her way.
She wants her knocked out cold.
Grab her.
What's going down?
It's all good.
-Help.
Hold her still.
We gotta dip. Now.
BASED ON THE SILO SERIES BY HUGH HOWEY
Yo. What are you doing?
-We gotta call someone.
Call someone?
What are you doing?
They made him vanish.
-What the actual fuck.
They're totally tapping our phones.
What if Charlotte calls?
-You can't…
They're watching Charlotte's phone too.
We gotta bounce. I don't even know if my ride is safe…
What do you think is going on?
Some suits just made that dude disappear.
So we gotta head somewhere else.
I know a spot.
Where?
Alright. Don't show before 10.
What am I supposed to do till then?
Don't head home.
It's gonna be fine. Help.
Is she okay?
-No clue. They wouldn't let me stay.
I'm such a dumbass.
-Why's that?
Jules asked me for help.
I blew her off first and then yelled at her.
Don't beat yourself up. I straight up left her in the mine.
What happened?
-She was trying to save people.
Obviously.
-They won't let you in.
Yo. Emerson.
She's still breathing.
Damn.
Alright. Right here. Just breathe. You're good.
We gotta roll.
Sheriff.
Sup. What do you need?
-Need you to confirm it was rat poison.
Can't do that.
-Need more time?
Nah. she wasn't poisoned.
I got a dozen cases tonight where the cause of death was poison gas.
Their lungs are completely wrecked. Hers are totally fine.
What got her then?
-She took a massive hit to the head. Hard.
Probably with a chunk of rebar.
The wound's got a ribbed pattern.
When?
-Looks like days ago.
Where'd you find her?
A crew was sweeping a sealed tunnel just to be safe.
She was tucked way in the back.
Was she down there for some reason and got caught in a cave-in?
Rebar…
-Her lungs are untouched.
She didn't kick it in the mine.
I'm seeing plenty of people who died down there.
They've always got dust in their lungs.
She was hidden there.
Let me see the wound.
Billings to Deputy Murphy.
-Go ahead.
If you spot Carla McLain. hit me up. I wanna talk about her student.
Is she back yet?
Okay. Not what I expected.
You definitely don't live here.
What makes you say that?
You whip a 30-year-old Saab. And not ironically.
This is different.
I did help pick out the furniture. though.
For who?
Palmer. My ex.
They're cool with you just walking right in?
He's out in South Sudan.
Shoes off.
When a vibe dies with me. I wipe out every single trace of it.
Yet he's got a massive pic of you hanging on his wall.
Yeah. That's not Palmer.
How so?
-He's not petty like that.
So that's your type?
Non-petty Pulitzer winners?
-Jesus. It wasn't a date.
Any food?
-Make yourself at home.
Where were you before you got here?
Just wandering around. You?
At the office.
-What office? You got canned.
Still had my badge. Wanted a computer.
Alright. I tracked down Steve's address.
Turns out that was his real name. Steven Price.
Found his digits. I think.
That number was dead.
-Wrong number then?
Then I called Charlotte's squad leader's dad.
Mr Alameda.
-Yeah. That number was dead too.
That number was working two days ago.
What kind of people are we dealing with?
We going to the cops?
Pretty sure these folks make sure that does zero good.
Two years past its prime.
Nah. stop. Gross.
Here.
You just had that on you?
-What's our next move?
Can we even do anything?
Without that recording. our hands are tied.
He mentioned some Moldovan guy recorded the radio comms.
If we figure out who that was...
maybe we can snag the recording and leak it.
We don't know a thing about that person.
Remember how Steve was playing chess?
Yeah? His whole mood shifted when it was his turn.
Something was up there.
He had mate lined up and then just straight up exposed his king.
Maybe he got distracted.
-What if he didn't want to win?
What if that was how he communicated?
-What do you mean?
When Snowden leaked those NSA docs back in '13...
turns out agents were using World of Warcraft...
to infiltrate terror cells.
They thought terrorists were talking through online games.
What would that even mean then?
I dunno. 'The king'…
'The king has fallen'?
Doesn't even matter.
If we know who his opponent was. we got a lead.
How do we figure that out?
Alright. I caught the last bit of his username.
It was something like...
'Bigfoot lives'.
Ridiculous.
Well. cool.
-Whatever. That's what I saw.
What?
You're pretty good at this. Nancy Drew.
Nah. don't call me that.
Did they call you that in school? Is that a sore spot?
Wanna say that again?
I'll merk you. While you're sleeping.
Lukas fucking Kyle.
I heard you were looking for me.
Alright. Hate to break it to you. but I got some bad news.
What's that?
You and your Outsiders keep shouting that outside is totally safe.
It actually is.
-Nah. it seriously isn't.
Whatever you're seeing on those cafeteria screens…
That's what it actually looks like.
Damn.
You got bought out. So you've been living it up Upstairs in some luxury pad this whole time.
I was down in the mine.
-I saw that cleaning video. you clown.
I know they're lying.
Outside is literally a paradise.
They're projecting that video straight into the helmets to trick people into actually cleaning.
A video inside the helmet?
You buying this?
-Why would he lie?
'Why would he lie?'
Are you serious…
-Shit.
What are you doing?
Enforcers everywhere. They're hunting someone down.
I don't give a damn if you believe me.
They saved my life. and they just wanted me to talk to you. I'm done now.
I'm out.
-Nah.
Yeah. back to your palace.
Yo. Juliette tracked me down in the mine.
I'm gonna go find her.
Back up.
-Nobody's going anywhere. Stay put.
Shit.
Security. Open up.
Now you gotta stick with us.
Stop.
-My girl is in there. I gotta get to her.
It's locked down tight.
Nobody gets in or out.
And now back up.
Or what?
-Hey. Shirl.
We tried.
What if she kicks the bucket?
And we never see her again?
You definitely won't see her if you get locked up.
Let me talk to him.
Just wanna introduce myself.
Name's Knox.
I'm Head of Mechanical.
This friend of mine goes way back with the mayor since childhood.
She just wants to drop a quick hello. and then she'll bounce.
Head of Mechanical?
Leader of the rebellion.
I was down by the generator. With all that gunpowder.
I said we should stash all of you right there next to the gunpowder.
And then light it up.
What do you think?
I think...
you're allowed to think whatever you want.
Here's what I think.
Shit.
We got a problem.
Nichols is somewhere on this floor.
Maybe with the nurse. Every camera down here is fried.
You take that hallway. You take this one.
Don't forget: keep it on the down low.
How did this happen. Rob? How?
We picked that nurse ourselves.
You called her loyal.
She always followed her orders.
-Not anymore. she isn't.
And now…
-She probably sensed what you came to do.
If we blow this chance…
We won't.
-How?
I know that nurse pretty well.
If they're running off. I know exactly where she's taking Nichols.
Where?
-She's got fam downstairs.
Send enforcers.
Camille. we gotta handle this quietly.
I'll lead the way.
We gotta wrap this up tonight.
I'll deal with her myself.
Johnny. don't use the radio.
-Shoot me a text.
Send people to the floors above and below us. too.
When Emerson comes to. I wanna know what she remembers.
She's still breathing and she pulled off a breakout.
Oh. shit.
-Sims and his wife are trying to ice her.
What? Why?
No clue.
I gotta trail him.
Yo. Stop flapping your gums.
Step away from the prisoner. or you're coming with us.
I was just saying this is what you get.
You got the key?
They're gonna spot us the second we walk out.
We're not taking the door.
I grew up here and found out back in the day...
somebody got sick of having to walk all the way to the stairs.
Alright. let's move. We're out.
Hey. No.
My bad. I'm the reason your memory is coming back.
I took away your pills.
-Nah. I spit 'em out.
I had to swap 'em out way before that.
By whose orders?
-We don't got time.
Your choice: roll with me. or take your chances with the enforcers.
Hello?
Oh. my bad. Thought I was solo.
She's totally harmless. don't sweat it.
Sheriff Billings.
You're the first face I've seen. Sheriffs don't really swing by much.
Especially at night.
I'm looking for Carla McLain.
McLain? She hasn't been around here in months.
I was expecting her.
-Gotcha.
Later. sheriff.
What's your name?
-Mike.
Mike what?
-Davidson.
Orla Kent's man. Her sister dropped your name.
Oh. Yeah. right.
Sheila. Yeah.
Orla turn up yet?
Hopefully soon.
When was the last time you saw her?
-Right here. at work.
At Essential Supplies.
-How was her vibe?
What?
-Her mood.
What she said.
-Oh. yeah. She seemed super upbeat.
She'd just gotten back from that council meeting. Heading home.
Did you tag along?
-Nah. I was tossing a ball with Dandy.
It's a huge open room. Great for throwing a ball way out.
I said bye. Haven't seen her since.
You don't seem super stressed about it.
Orla always gets slept on. Even by her own family.
She's probably. like. caught up in all sorts of stuff even I don't know about.
Thanks for your time.
-See ya.
They're straight out of medical.
Here. Take it. Grab this.
By order of Judicial. open up.
Open up.
Alright. Deep breaths. Okay?
Listen. I'll draw them away from you.
Once it's safe. head over to the pump room on 75.
What? Okay.
-Alright? Level 75. Bet.
Wait. Yo.
The nurse. Grab her.
No. Get your hands off me.
-Where's the mayor?
In medical.
-Show me.
Daniel?
He dipped.
Straight up bounced.
Hey.
-What?
Thought you chickened out.
-Miss me?
Where'd you even run off to?
No way.
We got fed agents on our tail...
and you're out here getting donuts?
And pastries.
Absolute goofball.
There's a shop right around the corner.
They said I couldn't use the phone unless I bought something. So there's that.
You can't call Charlotte.
-Not Charlotte.
Go change your fit. we got somewhere to be.
What? Where?
The Pentagon.
Listen.
Go.
Move.
Run.
They're gonna clip you.
How'd he even know where I was headed?
We can stash you down in Mechanical.
I gotta find Lukas.
Lukas is dead.
Nah. I…
Nah. I talked to him. I saw him down in the mine.
Take me wherever you dropped him off.
The dig site is locked down.
Fine. get me as close as you can.
Whatever.
Kenny G in the flesh.
Look at that. Sam the Ram.
Looking good.
-My assistant. Helen.
Nice to meet you.
-Sam Ramsey.
Wanna take a walk?
-Yep.
How do you guys know each other?
Army days.
-That too.
We used to jam in a band together. too.
A band?
-The Lost Boys.
We played '80s tunes.
Your boy here used to rip the sax...
before we turned into boring desk jockeys.
-You work at the Pentagon.
I beg for votes.
-So that's what you're here for.
He wants me to hack the voting machines for him.
Nice try. K.G.
I need some backup.
You wanted to talk cybersecurity.
You gotta track someone down.
Who kind of person?
Some online chess player.
All we got is his opponent's username.
Doesn't sound like government business.
My sister Charlotte was on that mission in Iran. It went totally sideways.
She's the sole survivor.
Shit.
Is she okay?
-She's got amnesia.
She had bad vibes about the mission.
There was a recording of their comms.
That's encrypted.
-This isn't.
We heard it. 20 seconds.
That was her main concern.
-Wait.
What'd you actually hear. Dan?
Well?
-Planes...
that weren't being flown by pilots anymore.
Our contact is ghosted and so is the recording.
You're not an assistant. are you?
Something super messed up went down on that mission.
We need that recording.
-And you think...
I'm gonna help you leak state secrets?
I got a sister too.
And a wife and kids.
And I took an oath. Plus I signed like a million NDAs.
But you know that. You did too.
I gotta take polygraph tests.
Every six months.
-Sam.
I get it.
-For real?
Listen. If it was my sister. I'd want to know too.
But she's an insurance agent. so that ain't happening.
If you ever wanna jam again. like old times...
give me a ring.
Alright. I gotta bounce.
Okay. Now what?
What?
I spotted that dude at Alameda's funeral.
I saw him when I got canned.
For real?
Hey. Daniel. Helen.
Wanna grab some coffee?
My treat.
Y'all seriously want nothing?
Helen. you want anything?
Nah. I'm good.
No need. Appreciate the offer though.
Let's cut to the chase.
-Where's our Baltimore contact?
Is he dead. or getting tortured somewhere?
Steven Price currently holds a very coveted gig...
at Radford Group. a cybersecurity think tank.
You're probably thinking of Mr. Alameda's dad.
After the funeral...
he got a sweet loan for his brother's shop...
out in Cali.
-In exchange for what?
Hear me out.
Y'all are a threat to something super important.
What's your name?
I like knowing who's screwing me over. even if…
-I represent...
people who can hook you up with a second chance.
The Times must've been your dream job back in the day. right?
I talked to the editor-in-chief.
He's down to meet with you...
despite your rep for journalistic fraud.
It'd be a waste for your talent to go down the drain over one little mistake.
Screw you. You're the reason I got fired.
I'm just one phone call away.
Think about it.
Alright. So how much cash and perks are you gonna throw my way?
In your case. this isn't about you.
What a sick threat. Cutting off Charlotte's treatment.
Yeah. Pretty messed up.
What?
-Pardon?
That sounded like a 'but' was coming.
Well. I mean. it wasn't really a threat.
He. like…
he mentioned her trauma therapy is pricey...
and isn't covered…
-My bad.
I don't really see the difference.
I can… I'm a congressman.
I can spill what we know to the media.
-And that is?
We know about the mission.
-Got any proof?
I can subpoena the records. And the tape.
Daniel. they won't find a damn thing.
You want that job.
Pardon?
Maybe you should tell 'em about that journalistic fraud.
If you'd scrolled past my LinkedIn. you'd already know.
And obviously I want the job. you goody-two-shoes.
But I also want solid care for Charlotte. She's your sister. but she's my source.
What am I supposed to do now? Go back to my cubicle?
How should I know?
-Like a lapdog?
Whatever you do. please keep a low profile.
They're definitely watching us.
-Jesus.
What are you gonna do?
My ex is out of town for a week. I'll crash there.
I need to think.
And you?
I've missed a ton of work.
Guess I'll go take care of that.
Congressman.
You know...
they gave me those pills. The meds.
They messed with my head.
But I'm starting to actually care about people. Like Knox.
I don't know why. but every time I see him. I just…
Y'all weren't always homies.
-I'm just saying: with you. I feel like...
if someone tried to hurt you. I'd…
I don't know. I'd probably ice that person or something. That's what I meant.
Whatever.
Ossie.
Hey. Shirley.
What are you doing?
-We gotta head down.
The crew's gonna be here.
-No. We gotta go right now.
We're not heavy. I trust you.
Mayor.
Here's the deal: if anyone wants to head down in the next half hour. even enforcers...
can you just say the equipment's busted?
Like. telling them to wait?
Yeah. Saying we got pulley issues.
Might take a minute.
-Alright. Let's roll.
Sick.
Where were you all night?
I was tailing Nichols.
She went down with someone.
Who?
-Her friend. I think. Shirley?
Oh. shit.
-What?
What?
-Why are you looking like that?
Nothing. I know where Juliette's headed.
Mechanical?
-Nah. deeper.
That doesn't matter to us.
Yes it does. it matters to everyone.
I gotta stop her.
-No.
Here we go again?
Okay.
Y'all actually wanna know the truth?
Ask Juliette.
-She don't know jack.
She's popping amnesia pills. She didn't even recognize us.
Might remember now. She spotted me in the mine.
How do we get down there?
There's a way. You ain't gonna like it.
Ignore him. You love this stuff.
Hey. Get this trash out of here.
What are you doing in my office?
SUPPLY APPRENTICE
My bad. didn't see your badge.
Your office?
Since when?
-Since the current apprentice took off.
And McLain's totally MIA. Somebody's gotta run the show.
And that 'somebody' is you?
I am the former apprentice.
So I'm way more qualified.
And unlike the new girl. I never just ghost.
You got beef with Orla Kent?
She stole my gig.
-You Glenda?
Spot on.
-Did she steal your man too?
Mike Davidson is about as much Orla's man as you are mine. Sheriff.
He thinks everybody's obsessed with him.
And he's a total tool. so sometimes he just has to flex to prove it.
So she didn't steal Mike. just your job?
I shouldn't be petty. When I lost my apprentice gig…
It was a relief.
Why?
Because...
it meant I could actually hang out at home.
On the 69th floor. In the mine.
Ed Harwood is your…
-Dad.
The absolute legend.
Somebody in trouble?
When was the last time you saw Orla Kent?
Wait.
I know this place.
-You used to hang here all the time.
You had a boyfriend.
George.
Right?
Y'all used to sneak to the hollow. You never talked about him. but I knew.
Told you so. My bad.
What are you doing?
LOCKED
What?
-Hold up.
Hey. Can you turn off the light?
Come check this out.
Here.
-What?
Right here.
There's gotta be a latch somewhere. or…
It's gotta open.
-What is this? Hang on.
Wait.
Walker said she locked it down.
-Guess not.
Let me see.
Take that. And close the door.
WASHINGTON POST REPORTER FIRED FOR FAKE SOURCE
Hello?
Who's this?
Hey. it's Congressman Daniel Keene.
Who am I speaking with?
-K.G.. it's me.
Sam?
How…
-I'm on a burner.
Nobody can trace it. But I gotta make it quick. so listen up.
What you told me about your sister's mission was bugging me.
Been stressing about it all week. Wanted to look into it.
And it's straight-up wild.
I found something insane.
Helen. you in there?
What are you doing here?
Sam called. He did some digging.
I thought he wouldn't help?
-He found something.
I know you wanted to quit. but…
I don't know how to pull this off by myself.
This is it.
-You drive a minivan?
Rented. From some guy who hangs up posters.
Seemed like the lowest profile ride.
Paid cash.
-Thanks.
Might even be stolen.
Hello?
Hello. Juliette.